Now manufacturers have joined forces to put pressure
Yes, we must do it within 24 hours.
Pull out a new gold medal blueprint
Otherwise, ask us to triple the compensation for the loss.
Got it, please appease the employees first.
I'll handle the rest.
Mom, how could this happen?
It's alright, I'll go to the manufacturer now.
Are you recuperating?
Lin Nian, do you think I'm in the hospital?
You can take my place
Just delusional
I'm going to Roselle Group now
You say
Why did Mr. Ye suddenly poop on Li Niannian?
Li Nannian can't be Mr. Ye's illegitimate daughter, right?
Just got the news
Luo Xueqin's gold award design is suspected of plagiarism
Unavailable for commercial use
United Stone Cliff by numerous manufacturers
It's not designed to cut costs.
You were fired what is impossible
Manager Lin, although Mr. Ye has given you personnel rights
But you fired us all in one go
Aren't you afraid that Mr. Ye will blame you?
You are taking revenge on us.
You're the servant's daughter
Security won't kick them out of the Roselle Group immediately
I see who dares
Lin Niannian, you really use chicken feathers as arrows